c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe.licenses
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form2.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Generator\Generator\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe.config
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.pdb
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\SimpleAuth.pdb
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\obj\Debug\SimpleAuth.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Phuce\Desktop\Tool\SimpleAuth\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
